inventory_system.py:3:1: F401 'sys' imported but unused
inventory_system.py:3:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
inventory_system.py:8:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:10:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:14:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:17:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:24:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:28:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:41:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:43:35: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
inventory_system.py:45:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:47:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:57:80: E501 line too long (82 > 79 characters)
inventory_system.py:63:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:66:43: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
inventory_system.py:68:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:75:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:79:1: E302 expected 2 blank lines, found 1
inventory_system.py:81:16: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
inventory_system.py:82:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:87:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:89:28: W291 trailing whitespace
inventory_system.py:90:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:92:28: E261 at least two spaces before inline comment
inventory_system.py:93:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:96:1: W293 blank line contains whitespace
inventory_system.py:106:1: E305 expected 2 blank lines after class or function definition, found 1
inventory_system.py:107:11: W292 no newline at end of file
